Her? No way.
Lin Ye, we really need to go,
or it’ll get messy soon.
Why was the plan suddenly canceled?
I even prepared the explosives.
Could it be… because
of that Chinese girl?
The original plan was to blow up
the club downtown.
Did Hou Jiuling really
change the plan for her?
Last night, didn’t I suggest to Hou Jiu
ling that if he liked that girl,
he should take her back?
Do you remember what Hou Jiuling
said back then?
And it’s only been a day.
Where’s your jacket?
Go find out how she got here tonight.
Got it.
Where’s that thing?
Soft, sweet.
Just a kiss with her
and she reacts this well?
What’s up?
Kinda nice.
I want to see her cry.
When we’re fighting.
Lin Ye!
Got any hobbies?
Wanna get started?
Uncle!